Quantities with structured units (#11775)
astropy/astropy: docs/units/structured_units.rst

.. _structured_units:

Structured Units
****************

Numpy arrays can be :doc:`structured arrays <numpy:user/basics.rec>`, where
each elements consists of multiple fields. These can be used with |Quantity|
using a |StructuredUnit|, which provides a |Unit| for each field. This can be

> handy in particular if using the PyERFA_ wrappers around the ERFA_ routines.

Author: Adapted with small modification.

.. _structured_units:

Structured Units
****************

Numpy arrays can be :doc:`structured arrays <numpy:user/basics.rec>`, where

> each elements consists of multiple fields. These can be used with |Quantity|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each element consists of multiple fields. These can be used with |Quantity|
```

Author: Done

> using a |StructuredUnit|, which provides a |Unit| for each field. For example,
> this allows the PyERFA_ wrappers around the ERFA_ routines to support having
> units on the position-velocity functions.

Reviewer: It feels like the "for example" here might be too "inside baseball" :). Maybe just generalize it to something like:
```suggestion
using a |StructuredUnit|, which provides a |Unit| for each field. For example,
this allows constructing a single |Quantity| object with position and velocity 
fields that have different units, but are contained within the same object.
```

Author: Done (while still keeping a reference to ERFA)
